# Meeting Minutes for Galasa TSC 30th July 2024

Recording: https://zoom.us/rec/share/yIYf3EnjLWVOz8cQ51o4R_gSTxJOa0e4s22dYJp56K8vcDkRvaC7tpTh9i6wlCuG.CcAFISTdRi-eDx8O

## Attendees: 
* Jade Carino
* Savvas Kyriacou
* Roger Brooks
* Michelle Harris
* Mike Cobbett

## Minutes

Introduction and Updates
* Jade Carino is leading the meeting due to Louise's absence.
* Roadmap Discussion: The primary focus of the meeting is to discuss the Q3 roadmap and future plans for the project.
* Terminology: There is a brief discussion about the terminology used for the project, with some suggestion to change from "ecosystem" to "server."
* Roadmap Updates

Security Enhancements
* Implementing https instead of Http for enhanced security within the Kubernetes cluster.
* Utilizing scanning technology like Dependable Bot and Snike to identify vulnerabilities.
* Encrypting local secrets to protect sensitive information.
* Infrastructure Improvements:
* Migrating to a cloud-based infrastructure using a donated cloud account from the Linux Foundation.
* Utilizing GitHub Actions for the build process to improve transparency and collaboration.

Functionality Expansion
* Enhancing admin capabilities across the ecosystem.
* Improving reporting features on the server side.
* Integrating with Kafka for event publishing and consumption.

Roadmap Timeline
* Short-term goals include implementing security measures, migrating infrastructure, and expanding admin capabilities.
* Mid-term goals focus on improving reporting features and integrating with Kafka.
* Long-term goals include enhancing user interfaces and providing more advanced features.

Discussion and Questions
* Michelle has expressed an interest in using Glassa more extensively and appreciates the planned security enhancements.
* Mike has provided additional details on the tagging feature for tests, which allows for more efficient testing.
* Jade raised a question about the terminology used for the project and whether it should be updated.
* Mike discussed the rationale behind using "server" instead of "ecosystem" and the potential implications for documentation.

Action Items:
* Continue working on the roadmap and implementing the planned features.
* Update documentation to reflect any changes in terminology.
* Gather more requirements for reporting features.
