# Galasa TSC Kickoff Meeting 20th June 1500

## Recording: [Here](https://zoom.us/rec/share/0c37XvNJALrwN-U1JpceyVD9ifleqpWhbfmHqTTAvev5yLN3mM2c_U9CRBSLqtdT.Gg4uHMsiCfco973m)

## Agenda
- Welcome and intros
- Role of the TSC
- Chairperson selection
- Infrastructure review
- Meeting cadence

## Attendees
* John Mertic
* Yarille Kilborn
* Vibhore Agarwal
* Michelle Harris
* James Davies
* Aaron Jhaj
* Svaas Kyriacou
* Eamonn Mansour
* Will Yates
* Louisa Seers

## Minutes
* Introductions were given by all attendees
* John went through the content in https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/tsc_faq.html
* Louisa Seers was nominated as the TSC chair for the project and voted with no objections or concerns
* Create a TSC repository for meeting minutes
* TSC meeting cadence will be every 4 weeks on Tuesday at 1500 BST
