# Galasa TSC Meeting 15th August 2023

## Agenda

- Announcement of Galasa by OMP planning
- Galasa publicity (conferences, blogs etc.)
- Confirmation on voting members of the TSC – Louisa to run down the list and check we have everybody that should be voting members
- Discussion on open scrum, for example when they should happen, who should they include, and how often?
- Roadmap from Mike C on future items looking ahead
- What are the development team currently working on?
- Blockers to delivery?
- Galasa Slack Channel – vote on whether to move from separate Galasa workspace to OMP workspace.
- Dom (shipping IVP’s in a Galasa format)
- Louisa can't attend next TSC, who can chair?
- AOB

## Attendees

- Dom Starkey
- Eamonn Mansour
- Savvas Kyriacou
- Petr Plavjanik
- Louisa Seers

## Minutes

- An announcement is planned for September 7th.
- Galasa's participation in upcoming events: TechXchange in September, GSE UK in October/November, FINOS in November, and a Virtual GSE Conference in February.
- Galasa Day on September 5th is cancelled due to a clash with the September 7th press release.
- Next development iteration is aimed for the 28th, with timing, days, and participants to be determined. Iteration planning will be held every other week.
- Development team is focused on enhancing security through an authentication piece, preparing for various test case scenarios with more control over access, creating access tokens via a web UI, and addressing infrastructure challenges related to ecosystem changes. There's consideration of moving infrastructure into the OMP (Open Mainframe Project).
- A call is scheduled with OMP to discuss transitioning Galasa's infrastructure, with an emphasis on moving away from IBM infrastructure for better build capabilities.
- Continuous development work is being carried out on the CLI tool, with more detailed roadmap items expected from Mike.
- No significant blockers for delivery have been reported.
- Plans to push out the Galasa Slack Workspace are underway, awaiting formal voting at the next TSC (Technical Steering Committee) meeting.
- Discussion about adding facilities within Galasa to simplify sign-on for TSO and CICS without manual coding, potentially benefiting Macro4 in creating IVPs in Galasa format, streamlining current lengthy processes.
- Use of GitHub projects as a Kan Ban board for issue tracking, open for public participation, promoting transparency in raising and addressing issues. (https://github.com/orgs/galasa-dev/projects/3/views/1)
