# Galasa TSC Meeting 3rd June 2025

## Recording: [Here](https://zoom.us/rec/play/TogLV6PjjcLQMXiVYiEvgOB6vPpOb3S33HY3qwRvJ-dwDys1bhvhMXusOQvxcTpDCChCFzSKw-i7LH8T.CayWN8gkwJ4dlSQJ?eagerLoadZvaPages=&accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FLSL2nttviTm9k_3IVAiJtGWxOn7BgEQtfLP1e8i2x05XkzmHv1V1djnRoczDz8ej.RtdjnoKz_aU-R14U)

## Attendees
- Louisa Seers
- Joe Sexton
- Mike Cobbett
- Eamonn Mansour
- Jade Carino
- Ian Deeley
- Roger Brooks

## Minutes
* Development Updates
  * Mike presented updates in version 41, which include enhanced tagging functionality (now supporting submission-time tags, result aggregation, and future plans for post-run tagging), improved run cancellation options, and REST API performance enhancements to reduce redundant calls.
  * Upcoming version 42 will add support for group-based run cancellations.
  * Eamonn outlined a refinement in test execution logic, where only actual test methods are now queried for ignore checks, reducing overhead.
  * Mike also introduced improvements to test stream configuration: streams can now be defined in YAML and managed via CLI, enabling streamlined configuration of remote Maven-based test sources.
* Mentorship Program Update
  * Galasa is again participating in the OMP mentorship program. Tasneem from Egypt selected as mentee; project focuses on extending the web UI. Eamonn detailed initial setup progress and UI design goals.
* Community Engagement
  * Jade recapped her GSE UK 102 Track session and emphasized Galasa’s accessibility for newer mainframe users.
  * Joe and Michelle preparing for upcoming Nordic conference with GitLab CI/CD content.
* User and Contributor Feedback
  * Joe shared Macro 4’s test structure limitations and requested potential enhancements to support dynamic test interpretation. Mike encouraged submitting a formal requirement to evaluate feasibility.
  * Ian discussed creating an IMS TM manager, mostly modeled from the CICS TS manager.
* Contribution Experience
  * Louisa suggested Ian write a blog post on creating a manager to help onboard new contributors. Ian noted it was his first time writing a manager and appreciated Mike’s input on refining it.
* Attendance and Participation Discussion
  * Louisa shared insights on reduced participation from Broadcom and IBA Group. IBA has generally paused open source activity; Broadcom contact moved teams. Reaching end users like NatWest for strategic input remains challenging.
* Meeting Frequency Discussion
  * Group debated reducing meeting cadence due to content variability. Agreed to keep monthly schedule but cancel meetings lacking agenda items. Will revisit cadence later in the year.
* Documentation Infrastructure Changes
  * Mike announced overhaul of documentation hosting and rendering technology.
  * Improvements will include persistent page TOCs and smoother navigation.
* Future Work and Releases
  * Focus on UI development for test runs and ongoing customer support. Continued support for Kicks and responding to Slack-based queries. Version 42 expected to ship within a couple of weeks.
No additional business was raised; meeting adjourned.
